[Music]
[Applause]
i'm
coming
[Music]
hmm
reporting for duty
excuse me em who's it
it's bond who's it james bond bond james
bond
no just james bond oh my god me mine son
why are you introducing yourself
backwards uh who are you
taylor joney tyler confused myself now
call me nan what are you doing in m's
office
well i retrained didn't i i used to be a
ballerina
i didn't know it then but my next job
was in cleaning
and i love it i love it i love it i love
it
you find all sorts of things yeah have a
look at this
no no don't touch
sean aren't you supposed to be in
lockdown not me sham
got me vaccine early didn't i i'm a
shielder great in it
love being out i lick people's faces now
just because i can
you don't realize how much you miss that
sort of interaction till it's gone
where is m you ask a lot of questions
yes well i'm a spy i work for mi6 that's
my job
crushed almighty spilt your guts early
doesn't you
i'm a spy i wasn't even torturing you
and you sang like a canary
i'm calling from a secure location this
conversation is just between you and i
it's standard protocol hmm you look
japan
going on a date no i'm going on a
mission no
yeah this one's for you
shaker not start
i regret that why did you do that
you married darling no no not presently
because of the um what does that mean
yeah i am i imagine a lot of women have
a problem with a grown ass man like you
shipping on your cocktails
hang on i'll have you know that a vodka
martini is a very
sophisticated manly libation in a very
dinky little glass
my old man said he was the same loved a
baby shame
he was like you very well turned out
particular
confirmed bachelor before we met but
back then it wasn't as accepted as it is
now
look you just need to find the right
girl sweetheart
someone will turn a blind eye when you
pop out on one of your international
missions
my teddy was the same twice a week he'd
slink off with a quick debrief i didn't
ask no questions
he was very discreet we had a very happy
marriage but you don't gotta worry
darling people don't care no more
i'm seeing somebody right now
thank you very much she is a doctor no
well it's allowed to be on our toes
because let's face it every time you
entertain someone in a bedroom
department next day wallop they're dead
can you just stop talking please i need
to talk to q
oh q the quarter master queue
oh is it hang on something's not right
i'm coming over
okay darling it quick question you've
still got your license to kill how much
that set your back you don't mind me
asking
it doesn't cost me anything it comes
with the job
not like the tv license then it's more
than 150 subs now if you don't mind
what a nerve what a nerve
anyway there's this poxy woman up the
council
says i'm abusing the neighborhood watch
scheme by making them look out for my
cardo deliveries while i watch me
programmed
well i don't want to be disturbed in the
middle of repair shop do are you showing
it
no oh marvelous
people bring in all their old
eyeball hanging off a teddy bear that
sort of thing
oh it reminds me of a childhood they say
someone shows it back on everyone cries
load of ultra but it draws you in can i
just stop you because
yes i digress so this bastard woman up
the council
she's digging me out like i'm bin laden
be a good boy see to her with you oh no
no that's not what i'm here for
what are you here for then sam i'm here
to serve queen and country
no i don't think so what does that mean
you know that secure location you're
calling from
it's more secure than you think
[Music]
what have you done
i've been expecting you mr bond
no it can't be well it is
it's me double 07 g5
i've got a bus pass and a license to
watch a bbc and i finally caught chat
with you
god's sake why are you doing this you
ever considered your carbon footprint
you go through cars like a dose of sorts
you jump on and off of helicopters like
you're on a merry-go-round that's an
awful lot of
fossil fuel son haven't you heard of
global warming
and them gadgets ain't cheap i mean
we've got polar bears slipping off the
icebergs and you're titting about trying
to make a cufflink that drives
you're a menace to society bond james
bond
so do yourself a favor wind your money
waste in
earth burning speedo wearing leading
lady killing
sexiest man alive no one can believe
you're 50 makes us all look bad
neck in or you won't go in nowhere
what of liberty
[Music]